fix(curriculum): change of not indicated a elements fail tests (#54455)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-accessibility-by-building-a-quiz/614796cb8086be482d60e0ac.md

# --hints--

> Your selector should targer links inside list items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your selector should target links inside list items.
```

```js
const anchors = document.querySelectorAll('li > a');
anchors.forEach(a => assert.exists(getComputedStyle(a)));
```

You should give the `a` elements inside list items a `color` property.

```js

> const helper = new __helpers.CSSHelp(document)
> 
> const usedSelector = code.match(/^\s*?(.*?a)\s*?{/m)[1];
> assert.notEmpty(helper.getStyle(usedSelector)?.color)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const helper = new __helpers.CSSHelp(document);

const usedSelector = code.match(/^\s*?(.*?a)\s*?{/m)[1];
assert.notEmpty(helper.getStyle(usedSelector)?.color);
```

Let's keep it consistent.

anchors.forEach(a => assert.notEmpty(getComputedStyle(a)?.color)); 
```

> You should not change the color of `a` elements that are not inside list elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should only change the color of `a` elements inside list elements.
```

I would suggest we assert what it should be, instead of what it shouldn't be.
